One will begin.
Hey Ariana, what's your favorite game?
There's no show you exclusively play Call of(***).
There's no shot, right?
Right.
Wait ha ha.
Can you do Ethernet? No, Ethernet.
Why?
(***)Where are they going to do that?
You should just get a PC.
Yea.
And they don't even use a Playstation.
But why?
You have a laptop yeah?
Because Fortnite is bad.
Ballerina.
Minecraft can also be hard to run sometimes. Have you tried League of Legends?
Ha ha ha
Hey, it's from 2007. It's not that intense.
Either way, it's not that intensive. It feeds into Windows 10 basically.
So this is my side.
No, maybe just better off with Java or Windows better off.
There's bedrock on windows.
It's single player. It's single player.
Okay, is it super flat or is it like an actual wall and it's like.
Uhh unlimited.
What's your- what's your render? You rendered this in 10 and you still can't run it?
What about your graphics? What are your graphics settings?
Okay, so...
Okay, at least you have a PS4 and you don't condemn yourself to League of Legends. So you're fine.
Legal is just a really bad way.
Fair enough.
Oh, I heard it's really good
Wait, and Call of Duty is still your favorite game?
I asked you what your favorite game is and you said, uh, Modern Warfare?
Over spider-man
So you're more into the modern warfare lore and campaign.
Ha ha ha.
Ha hah ha.
See that's why you don't play COD
Oh, where do zombies go in the lore?
Ha ha ha hah ha ha ha.
Is that like Is that like the post-black ops? It's like the apocalypse after nuclear war?
How's your aim?
Huh ha hah ha hah hah.
AP World! AP World!
Zussman?
Like suss man but zuss? Zuss man?
So he's German suss man
Ha hah hah.
Wait, do you play it? Wait no, do you play cod for the historic part?
Or like, the lore.